SRFirewall v2.0 http://www.sosdg.org/freestuff/firewall Written by:
Brielle Bruns <bruns@2mbit.com>
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Installing is fairly straight forward:

1. Download to a location of your choosing, I recommend /usr/src 2. Run
'make install' to put files in /usr/local by default 3. Edit config
files in /usr/local/etc/srfirewall 4. Run 'srfirewall' command to load
the firewall and work its magic

If you are upgrading from a previous version and don't want to overwrite
your config files, use 'make upgrade'.

If you wish to install to some place other then /usr/local, you will
need to edit the Makefile PREFIX as well as the bin/srfirewall script to
reflect the new location.

If you want to run from SVN trunk (for the brave), here's how I would do
it:

=== Begin commands === cd /usr/src svn checkout
http://firewall-sosdg.googlecode.com/svn/srfirewall srfirewall-trunk ln
-s /usr/src/srfirewall-trunk/lib /usr/local/lib/srfirewall ln -s
/usr/src/srfirewall-trunk/bin/srfirewall /usr/local/bin/srfirewall cp -R
/usr/src/srfirewall-trunk/etc /usr/local/etc/srfirewall === End commands
===

Then when you want to update to bleeding edge, all you have to run is
'svn update'.

You _will_ need to look for newly changed/added files and update
appropriately.

To make the update process easier, I made the config script look for a
local.conf file in etc/srfirewall that can be used to override the
default options.  This will allow you to replace all of the *.conf files
on upgrade without losing local option changes.

The default options are designed to be 'sane' for a good portion of the
many users, so the use of local.conf only needs specific options you
wish to override.

Files in etc/srfirewall/ipv{4,6} can be safely left alone during upgrade
since I plan to not make upstream changes to them once they are written
and defined for use.

When in doubt, check the CHANGELOG file for mention of new config
options and/or config files.